Thanks for join the meeting to help us understand the SBOM.
Let me introduce background, azure cli is an open source project, we need support different platforms.
So we have many build and publish pipelines.
And every publish pipeline has an independent Publish target path in our Published artifacts.
Let me show you our azure pipeline yaml file.
We can see there are many different build and publish pipelines.
And we will generate many packages for all these platforms.
Let me show you our Published artifacts.
We can see there are many directories, each directory represents a platform.
Now I will generate sbom json file for every directory.
I am not sure is it right ?
But if I only need generate sbom json file in one directory.
Which one should I choose ?

You all know that the BuildDropPath should be same as the Publish target path.

I think the ADO SBOM Generator can only detect directly referenced packages.
But azure cli use many indirectly referenced SDK
We also have a requirement file to record the packages we used. We can see we have 141 required packages.
It is much more than the manifest.spdx.json file.(Which only have 46 packages)
For example, let's check this package azure-mgmt-compute==23.1.0
We can search azure.mgmt.compute, we define the sdk here.
I think it is not detectable by ADO SBOM Generator.
So all the sdk packages are missing.
So I need write all the sdk packages in cgmainfest.json file, am I right?

And there is one thing I need to confirm
When I ask do we need publish our package with manifest.spdx.json
The answer is we don’t need to publish the SBOM with our package, the SBOM should be store in Pipeline Artifacts location where they are generated.
Am I right ?

When I enable SBOMSigning
There is error.
Is there anything I need to do ?

And I want to confirm except generate the manifest.spdx.json and cgmainfest.json.
Is there anything else we need to do ?

1.	We require packages like azure-mgmt-resource , but these packages are missing from the built artifact (Contact OpenSourceEngSupport)

2.	Use ESRP to sign JSON files. How does it work? When will this feature be ready? (Contact PrssSignPM)

3.	Why does pipeline fail when `Packaging.EnableSBOMSigning: true` is set?

##[error]The signing feature is not available for your organization yet.

4.	What is the valid retention period? Are 30 days enough? Any official doc for this?