---

Hi @Lily,

Yu is on paternity leave.
Can you set up a meeting at ETC: 2021-12-7 Tuesday 18:00 ?
In Shanghai the time is: 2021-12-8 Wednesday 7:00.

There are three things I really want to know.
1. How do I configure the bot and make it effective.
2. Is it possible to specify a certain branch and a certain repo to take effect on, so that I can conveniently test without affecting existing functions.
3. Except o	Auto add a comment based on template to avoid issue response SLA, Can all other functions be supported by the bot?

Thank you for your kind cooperation.

Best wishes,
Zelin

---

- Issues:
  - Auto assign labels based on issue description.
  - Auto assign assignees based on labels.
  - Auto assign milestone based on issue creation date.
  - Auto notify issue creators/resolvers if they have no response for a long time (7 days).
  - Auto close issue if the issue creators have no response longer than 14 days.
  - Auto add a comment based on template to avoid issue response SLA.[x]
- Pull requests:
  - Auto assign labels based on PR title/description.
  - Auto assign reviewers and assignee based on labels.
  - Auto assign milestone based on PR creation date.
  - Notify PR creators when the PR created cannot be released in this sprint (created in the last week of the sprint)
  - Notify PR creator when CI fail.
  - Verify PR title, history notes to make it more standard to reduce manual effort during release.
  - Show date for code freeze and release in PR page (template or GitHub banner).

----

Good evening Lily and Jesse  
Friendly reminder that I will start recording the meeting for learning later, Thanks.  
Since everyone is here, let’s get started.  
I couldn’t agree with you more.  
I don’t quite follow you. Can you explain please.  
I guess that will be all for today, thank you for teaching.  

Actually I don't have a chance to configure the bot, So I think the best demo is that 
maybe we can choose a simplest issue for today's discussion.  
I think Auto assign milestone based on issue creation date is very suitable.  
Can you teach us the basic usage by this specific issue ?  

If I want to Auto assign assignees based on labels or description. How can I set up the relationship between them ?  

Questions:  
1. Can you give me access to configure bot rules in those repos ?   
2. Can you look around all the enhancements and tell me which one can be supported by the bot ?  
   Except the [ o Auto add a comment based on template to avoid issue response SLA ]
   Can all other enhancements be supported by the bot?  
3. How do I configure the bot and make it effective.  
4. Is it possible to specify a certain branch and a certain repo to take effect on, 
   so that I can conveniently test without affecting existing functions.  
5. Can you share any information about the bot whether it is a document or a website or a video.  

Answer:  
1. I think we will give up since SLA don’t count bot comments  
2. The only different between Fabric Bot and MSFT Bot is that the former is an internal name and the latter is the public facing name.
   So they are actually the same bot.  
3. Make sure we’re aware of things in the bot that will affect SLA calculations – we don’t want to change these 
   Sure we also don't want affect the SLA calculations, we only want to liberate from the repeating work.  

---

You can leverage(改变) the rules that the bot current has and also add the enhancements below.  

needs-author-feedback

